Now before we dive in into exciting world of SEUS hasn't read.
There are two important things we need to discuss browsers support and vendor prefixes.
If you want to find out what is the current browser support for series as grid or any other services
property for that matter.
You can go to Web site.
Can I use dot com.
And very quickly find out that information and as you can see at the time of this recording browser
support for UN prefixes as grid is seventy two point four percent.
And once we have covered browser support let's talk about vendor prefixes when working with C S grid.
We need to use vendor prefixes However in order not to make this material more confusing because we
already have plenty to cover I won't be using vendor prefixes in this course.
So during lectures we will be using a simple syntax.
In this case this is going to be a display grid.
But remember when working with CIRCE's grid in the real world we have to use vendor prefixes.
Now that we have covered all the basics let's start learning CSSA great.